One

 Kim! A few letters were welcomed. But never answered. Of course, I am grateful for the military's loyalty, but I cannot receive it.

 ¡ªPark! I cannot approve the military taga. I can't approve of the actions of the military who abandoned the old mother and the young widow in insidious parts. Park! Go back. Go home I seem to see in front of the military nanny and wife who wandered in the outcrops. Their only place of dependence is on the arms of the army. The army will have to save them.
A military is the equivalent of a military home. Where is the house without weight? To leave the house with a small pain is too weak to be a very strong will. I heard from the Yellow Army that the army threw itself on the altar and stood on the line, but I still cannot admit it. How can we save society with the power to save our family?
Park! I hope the military will return. When you think of military families trampling under people's feet! How comfortable are the heart of the army?

Kim! Did the military write these words in every letter? I knew what the military meant. How can you not thank the army who sympathizes for my dear family? I always cried at the advice of my friend. But I can't hear that advice. Does not hearing hurt the military? Will it be anger? For me it is because happiness is unknown.
 Kim! I am a person too. He is a man of affection. How can I not think of my life-like family being devastated? My pain can not be felt by third parties.
 I would now like to tell the military why I quit. Sympathy and condemnation are the freedom of the military. I just tell the military that this is the case. I have an impulse I cannot bear without telling this to anyone other than the military.
 But I affirm. I am an archipelago, and I cannot deny what I say.

2

 Kim! It was five years ago that I left home. This is true of the military. I then took my mother and wife away. It is the fact that the military left me with a new hope and longing for a new world for the poems to be refreshed.
 <Gando is Cheonbu Geumtang. Oily land is common, so you can farm wherever you go, and rice will be common if you do. There is a lot of forest so there is nothing to worry about. Farm, eat, and eat hot. He will also build a edible village by teaching the ignorant peasants, who will read the writings, build the clean thatch. In this way, you can cultivate the Gando wasteland.
 This was the ideal that I drew in my head when I went to the liver. How glad I was at this time! Crossing the Tuman River and over the Oran Canyon, looking at the perishable plains and mountain streams?My heart of youth was burned with strange flames. My mother and wife rejoiced at my voice and my devotion. Climbing the Orancain How the spring wind that blows to the northwest hovers the cheeks,
 ¡°It's cold! It's still winter here. ¡±
Mother flipped the blanket over the cart.
 ¡°What, if I drink this wind a lot, success will come.¡±
I spoke most boldly. Like this I came glad and energetic.

3

 Kim! But my ideal was back to the bubble. Less than a month after entering Gando, a wild wave has gathered in front of our three living spirits.
 I saved the field for farming. There was no vacant land. I couldn't get a piece of land before I bought it. Otherwise, the field of Ginain must be obtained as a dojo or ostrich. In a year, the Chinese eat food and get stolen ostriches, and they won't be in debt for a year. Unfamiliar mountains and unfamiliar people, where might you go? There was no one to discuss. H got a rented room in the village, and the moon was over, and more than a month passed. I spent a few extra dollars and ate the fields and got no jobs. I walked on my arm. He went around, fixing the balls and attaching the kiln. Thus came mourning. At this time, H called me ¡°ondol¡±. Without clothes to change, I had never had to take off my clothes, which had been smeared with charcoal black.
 H is a narrow place. There was not always a fix. It was difficult to eat with it. I slept in the summer and sold her forever, and my mother and wife barely lived on the riverside and picked up the broken barb.
 Kim! From this moment on I felt a terrible humanity. Alas, I wondered if life is so painful. I have never shed tears because of the winds coming upon me. But when my mother picked up the tree and my young wife picked up the mill, my blood boiled and my eyes were clouded with tears.
 "Eg, I'd rather lie down, and I'll never see you with your pain."
 This is what my mother said when I was sick and moaned. At this time I heard this thought and felt the true meaning of this word.
 "Oh, I can't wait to tear my meat and break my bones, but how hard it is for my beloved old mother and wife to be hungry and despised by my eyes."
 I have struck my heart many times like this. I did not cover anything, whether it was night or day, rain or wind.
 ¡°You must be hungry today. ¡¦ I will close my eyes if I see you not hungry. ¡±
 When I came home late for work, my mother cried like a cry. But I usually
 "What hungry are you hungry?"
Replied.
 My wife always said nothing. I was obedient, somewhat and silently, as it was told. I feel sorry for it more. I was ashamed of my wife than my mother.
 'Why did I get married because I can't become independent?'
 This was the work of my parents, but I sighed. The more so depressing and respectful his wife was.
 How can I live? ¡¦ This thought struck my head at this time. It was thought to me that a blessing comes to the diligent. I firmly believed it as a proverb on earth, and I had some sort of doubt on it, and later on, my wife.
 If you are diligent, where is your diligence like us, and if you are honest, where is your honesty like our family? But poverty was severe. I never starved for two days or three. One day, after starving for two days, he went home and was surprised to find out what his wife was eating in front of the kitchen. Then quickly put what you had in your hands. An unpleasant feeling came to my mind at this time.
 ¡®¡¦ ¡¦ What should we eat? Where did you get it? What's wrong with my mother and me? Ah! You're such a woman! No but no way¡¦ ¡¦ But what did you eat? ¡¦ ¡¯
 I doubted, resented, and regretted my wife. The wife bows awkwardly, silently and silently goes out. The face was a little red. After my wife went out, I went through the fire to find out what my wife ate. I scooped the chilled ash out of the stick and noticed it. I picked it up It is a tangerine peel. There is a piece of gum marks. My hand holding the orange peel trembled and tears shook my eyes as I saw it.
 Kim! How can I express my feelings at this time?
 'If he wanted to eat, would he pick up the tangerine peeled on the street? Alas, I'm not a person I doubted such a wife! Why did this man complain about such a wife? Where is a cruel man like me? How can I see my wife because I'm ashamed of my conscience? '
 As I thought, I felt and wept. I cried and cried while holding a tangerine peel.
 ¡°Why are you crying? Wake up Will we be when we live?
Who beats the shoulders. I found it a mother.
 "Oh my mother, I'm a dead man."
I wanted to cry while holding my mother's arm. But I went out with no noise.
 'Why am I uno? What if you just cry? Let's live! Let's live! Let's live somehow! I must live my mother and my wife. Let's earn until this life! '
 I sharpened my fist and clenched it. But tears still flowed. My wife cries silently and stands by my side, tearing her skirts with her hands and dropping her tears. My wife, who grew up in a farmhouse, is still shy about how she is crying, but she doesn't know how to comfort her.

4

 Kim! Time has not always given us summer.
 West wind blew and frost began to fall. The cold energy threatened us naked. Since autumn, I have been selling Daegu. He gave three won and bought ten cods. I could lose ten cods but I couldn't lose ten beans. I have been fetching two horses, two horses, three horses for three days in countless places. We started our tofu business with ten beans.
 My wife and I were milling all day. After turning the heavy millstone, the arms seemed to fall.
 What about the pain of my wife who had been dismissed when I was so distressed? He was always familiar. Still, I insulted my wife when I had any complaints. But soon after reproach, I regretted it. If you hang a kiln in a nostril kitchen room, put a millstone, pick up wood, and hang clothes, people will barely rubbed in. As the window floats, the window falls and the wall is damp. Everything seemed to be spoiled and soaked in lukewarm water in dress. At some point, the busy buster rested in this steam. We feel relieved if buttery yellow oil sticks on the milky tofu when the tofu boils in the kiln (which is a sign of tofu being good). However, when the tofu water becomes whitish and greasy, it starts to glare from the wife's gaze. When we touch the candles and our heads are loose and dry, our hearts are rattled.
 ¡°That's fifty! What are you doing? "
 The mother, standing with her little crying baby and looking into the torrents, weeps as she speaks. When this happens, the whole family will be born in a crying, bitter, first, and sorrowful atmosphere.
 ¡°You're having a hard time! I broke my arm and ... ¡¦ I sold it (tofu) and wished to see the intestines like Taishan. ¡¦ ¡±
 My mother just tears her heart open. His wife bows as if weeping. The tofu is not big money. At most it is twenty or thirty. With it we do a tiger ball. Twenty or thirty, my mother cries. Wife is also energizing. Tighten my chest tightly
 The day is filled with fifty heads of water. The child rushes all night to breastfeed. There was no child in our household.

5

 You must eat tofu as it is painful to eat mustard while crying. But this time there is no firewood. I leave with a sickle. When I leave with a sickle, the guide who groans with the postpartum female doctor carries the sickle and follows me silently. My mother and I have no choice but to listen to my wife. I can't let go of my wooden hand. If you are caught by the living person, don't be afraid. Therefore, at dusk, we go to the mountains to plant trees and return at night. My wife is, and I come down to the hillside on a dark night and when my feet are slipping or stuck on a rock, I plung into the wood. My wife lays down a tree that was silent and is crushed by the load and barely picks me up. But when I get up with the load, my wife does not get the load alone. And when I took off the wood and took it to my wife, I couldn't lose it. Reluctantly I take off on some tall rock and tie it to my wife. So when she came down the hillside, she waited at the bottom of the mountain, shaking her baby,
 ¡°Are you coming now? I have a soul because of you.
You are. At this time my heart was sharp. I was taken to a Chinese police station and hit several times.
 The neighbors ridiculed us and the police questioned us.
¡ªHung, you're the kind of guy who has a good Shin Soo, you can't see the dirty place where you can't find a job and your eyes are so dark. Do you save it after putting X eggs? ¡ª
 This was the sound of laughter from neighboring men and women. And when a living person loses a tree and accuses him, the police station is erratic and searches me from home and beats me. But I have no place to appeal.

6

 Kim! In this way, the winter is getting deeper and the deadline is getting shorter. There is no job¡¦ ¡¦ I couldn't have sat down with my hands. I couldn't see the whole family because they were so full. With a sharp knife, I stabbed Cook Cook to escape a painful life for a day and desperately had no choice but to disappear or go out and rob him out of the deadline.
 My troubles are as great as I am without work, and when pain comes. One day I almost closed my eyes and was deeply thoughtful, like an almost foolish person. In my head there was an idea of ??threshing my head (think today, that would determine my whole destiny).
 The idea was not caused by anyone's teachings, nor was it intentionally raised. Like spring grass shoots, I started to raise my head in my head.
¡ªI have been faithful to the world so far. I tried to be faithful to the end. My mother, even my wife?will try to live with faithful effort, even if the bones are broken and the meat is torn. But the world deceived us. We have not received our faithfulness. Rather, they insulted, despised, and abused us.
 We have been deceived so far. I did not really know that it was a world that would tolerate and defend a horde of false, false, and stern. Not only us, but everyone in the world would not have been conscious of it. The swings were taken in the atmosphere of such a world. I too was drunk by this time. We have not lived as us, but as victims of some nasty system--
 Kim! I do not blame people. But you cannot see a man who is drunk on face to face, squeezing his own blood, and yet cannot break. This system of advocating and tolerating falsehoods, deaths, poisons, and laziness can no longer be held.
In this atmosphere there will be no day to feel the satisfaction of our lives, no matter how hard we try. Even if it is only a lifespan, it will be a life that cannot die, and its influence will extend to the children. I can't help but feel awkward feelings and resentment when I think of the future of the dense young in my mother's arms. If I'm always in this state (which is almost decided), I'm going to have a lot of culture, and I'll throw it under the bridge or at the door of another house, ah! How would it not be to distort the life that would receive it without sin? Then shall it be my sin?
 Kim! I could not stand more. I try to live from me. Until this time, it was a mesmerized invoice. How can I save others with a dead invoice? To do that, I have to destroy this horrid stream of air that is mesmerizing.
 I see this as the impulse and expansion of human life. I want to feel the free enthusiasm here. No, I already feel it. This idea led me to escape the house, to join the gods, and to stand on a steeper line than the edge of the cliff without counting the rain and wind.
 Kim! I repeat. I am a person too. A man of conscience. I know that since the day I leave my family will be in more trouble. I know how to starve without knowing how to die in the snow or any hollow. Therefore, I am not a wanderer or an acquaintance of another's house here, nor do I see a wandering in an outcrop.
 Ah! When I think of it, my family catches naturally flowing tears and pruning breasts.
 But I sharpen my fist. Try not to shed tears, and try not to be hurt. It's too late to cry and hurting sorrow seems to mark our weakness too much. I will struggle with any pain.
 Kim! This is roughly why I dropped out. I try not to write to my family until I achieve my purpose. Even if the swing dies and I die again¡¦ ¡¦
 I would not have wanted to die without success. This is the reason for fulfilling this people's duty.
 Ah, Kim! I've finished talking, but Jung just overflows in my heart!
